We have now. We'll have you thrown out.
Very well.
From now on, no questions asked.
To walk straight up even if I'm in the meeting.
Do you understand me?
Yes, sir.
Well, I have few here. I wanted to speak with you.
About what?
Do I make you nervous?
Nervous?
You've been avoiding me.
I don't think so.
But I think so.
I'm so excited.
I love you.
What is he doing here?
Yeah.
Why did you invite him?
He's staying with Dallas.
And what I can't just expect Dallas to leave his guest at home.
Talia, are you being serious right now?
I wouldn't bother coming.
Had I known he was going to be here.
You should know better.
Becca, we're all adults here.
I think you could maybe just ignore him and not ruin the weekend.
Is everything okay here?
Becca, will you wait?
Let go of me, Chad.
Don't I look at this.
I told you I was sorry.
I came here for you.
Bullshit, you came here for yourself and I don't want anything to do with you.
Let go of me.
Becca, when you talk, okay?
I hate when you act hysterical like this.
Becca, what is going on here?
Let go of her.
What is going on here?
Hey, I'm just talking to my girl, okay?
You know how women can be when they're upset?
You need to leave this area off the boat right now and have better not see you again.
Was that your ex?
I mean, yeah, he is.
Not that it honestly matters to anyone.
It matters to me.
Why is he here?
Tally.
I take it she's well aware of everything that happened between you and this man.
Yeah.
It doesn't matter though, I'm leaving.
I want you here.
I will handle it.
Get some rest.
What do you want?
Tally.
Oh my god, did Becca complain to you?
No, she didn't.
I caught a man handling her in her room as she screamed at him to leave her alone.
When he complained she was his and they were just arguing.
You bring mother into this.
You're the reason everything's fucked up, not her.
And if you used her and you left her.
Otherwise a belief is ass in the case.
My feelings.
I was thinking you'd hang out on the beach.
Come and join us, please.
Sure.
I'll be out there shortly.
Hey, I'm Tally.
Sorry, I know you're busy.
I saw you leave the yacht.
I was just wondering if you had a few minutes to talk.
I saw Chad and this blonde going to a bungalow and I don't know why I'm reacting like this.
I just... it hurts.
Yeah, sure, because I'm the one ruining everything.
Yeah, I'm at the bonfire.
I...
Anytime you need something, all you have to do is ask.
Becca, what's wrong?
Please tell me what's wrong with you.
Make me forget James, please.
Do you understand what you're requesting?
Yeah, yeah, I do.
There's no going back up.
That's exactly what I want.
And before you came to see me, why were you so upset?
Chad, periosits overwhelming.
I'm noticing more fatality has been acting and I don't agree with it.
I know I lost my best friend and...
As for the boy.
You know, Tally, your dad's, like, super hot.
Really?
Because when Toni and I walked down the boat the first night here and we got lost looking for our room, we heard him.
He was fucking the shit out of some girl.
And she was, like, screaming his name over and over again.
What are you talking about?
It literally said Master Sweet on the door, Tally.
If he didn't bring anyone there, then that means he's fucking one of your friends.
Yeah?
Think about Tally Mom.
Really think he slept with someone?
Look, you do whatever you think you should do.
They're your parents.
If you want to stir the pot, then so be it.
You're one to talk about stirring the pot after the shit on the boat.
Don't think I forgot about the drama you pulled with Chad and then getting my dad involved.
You heard me! Did you sleep with one of my friends this weekend?
People heard you!
It did, didn't you?
Why could you do this to Mother?
Your mother and I are divorced. Nothing I do concerns her.
And you will do your best to remember that and stay out of my affairs in the future.
Okay, I'll tell you.
It seems we had an audience over the weekend.
What are we going to do about that?
We will not do anything.
Let Tally go around to the last person she'll suspect is you.
Mr. Valentina?
Good morning, Tally. Have we day, ladies?
Forget brunch, Becca.
We're going to lunch.
Goodness, sweetie. You have grown.
You're not that same plump little girl with glasses and uncapped hair anymore.
You'd be correct.
It also looks like you got to makeover the doctor's office.
Do they have talented surgeons down here?
Yes, actually they do, and I would be more than happy to set you up.
Oh, no, thank you. I actually prefer more of a natural look, but I appreciate the offer.
Okay, so anyway, Mommy, I have to tell you something that I found out the other day.
Well, Daddy took us on the yacht this past weekend, and a few of the other girls on the boat were saying that two of the guests
overheard Daddy fucking one of my friends.
Why would he do this to me?
What have I done to deserve to be treated like this?
I know, it's absolutely horrible.
Becca and I were trying to figure out who did it, but we're both so disgusted by it.
To think one of those little bitches that I invited is or was fucking Daddy.
Did you do it?
Becca didn't do it.
He barely looks at her, also just because there was another daughter.
Trust me, I would know if Becca was fucking Daddy.
Do you think you know your friends that well?
So you're telling me Tally took you to lunch with her mother?
Yeah, unless you say she doesn't like me one bit.
I forgot how much of a bitch she really is.
What did she say she was going to do?
Did you tell her it was you?
Oh, of course not.
That's only going to cause complications.
It doesn't seem to give a shit about you.
It uses you when it's convenient.
I think so.
I will have you fired at once.
James, she wouldn't let me see you.
What are you doing here, Katrina?
I told you not to come back.
I know you didn't mean that, my love.
I missed you and I'm tired of fighting.
There is no fighting.
You need to leave and not come back.
I don't want you harassing my employees.
Who is that girl?
She knew fuck toy.
Don't ex stupid.
The girl that just came down here like ten minutes ago.
You know how many women work in this building?
I have no clue who you're referring to.
But even if I was seeing someone, I knew business.
So leave.
I won't form a father about your choice.
Alison, what are you doing here?
You know you're not welcome on my property anymore.
Come on, James. Don't be like that.
No, I'm being serious. Why are you here?
To get our daughter.
We're going away for the week.
To Orlando.
For a fashion show.
Okay.
So back on Talia getting ready then.
That little bitch isn't going anywhere near me.
What's your mouth, Alison?
She grew up with her daughter in this house in this Talia's guest.
I don't understand what you issue us with her.
Because she's a freeloader that doesn't deserve our daughter's attention.
So why don't you do your daughter a kindness and get rid of her before Talia gets back?
It will be good for everyone.
I heard about your little fuck toy down at the trip from the keys.
Perhaps we should go back to court.
Because I think you still owe me way more money than you've given me.
I don't owe you shit.
You got everything you wanted into divorce agreement and it's over.
You can't get anything else.
Please do this for me.
I'm not going to spy on your dad for you.
Not for once in your life.
Can you do something for me?
James?
Look at these heels.
I think we're going to get close.
Here we go.
Oh no.
What are you doing?
I have money.
I know you do.
However, I was the one who asked you to come on this trip and I want to be the one to spoil you.
Maybe you want to tell others you paid for it you can but I'm the only one spending money.
Well, I will show you my appreciation.
I have no doubt that you will.
One second.
Natalie.
Yeah?
I think she's lying to me.
Why would you think Becca is lying to you?
Because I called her dad and he said that she wasn't there.
And she told me that she was going to stay home with family but she isn't there.
Perhaps she had different families she was going to see?
I don't know.
I'm out of town for business right now overseas so there isn't much I can do.
I invited her to come stay at our house for the entire summer and she doesn't even bother
to let me know what she's doing when she's out in her house.
Tilly Anna, enough you young lady disappeared on her many times if you recall.
And I'm not tailoring you acting like this.
Perhaps if you started being a better friend to her she'll be open with you.
Okay?
I have to go.
Shall we?
You can't fix everything James.
You underestimate me.
I leave in a few weeks.
Whoa.
Who's considering the idea of you transferring to university here?
As flattering as that is James.
Yale is everything to me and I plan on finishing it there to move her relationship.
It's wonderful to see you but we're heading out.
This is the girl from your office.
I thought you didn't know her.
No, no.
This is my daughter's friend.
She and I are discussing a surprise for Tilly.
You do remember my daughter don't you?
So, what are you talking about?
I mean exactly as I said James.
It's not like we're a couple.
Plus I'll be laving in a few weeks to go back to school so it's simply fun while it lasts.
Are you seriously going to stand here and act like the things that have been going on between us aren't affecting you?
Are you going to say that they've been affecting you?
Becca, I already explained.
I have no interest in extending our contract.
You've had a wonderful past 20 years together.
But I believe it's time we go our separate ways.
Tell you what.
Let's talk about something else that's been on my mind.
My daughter Kichilling.
What about her?
We both know she can be a difficult girl.
Well, I communicated from the beginning.
I'm not interested in a serious relationship.
She knew that.
And agreed.
When I told her I didn't want to see her anymore.
Because I didn't want to give her the wrong idea.
She didn't want to accept that.
So you can just use her and not care about her feelings?
This is what I'm saying, you know.
We slept together on and off for a couple of months.
It wasn't even consistent.
And through that time I have proof she had other lovers.
Just none there were like me.
She seemed fine when she left here.
But missing the point, James.
She is unhappy.
Which means I am unhappy.
So, I heard something new.
The trip overseas.
You take my daughter back.
Marry her.
Make her happy.
I will forget contracts.
And we will be fine.
It's good to know that young woman you went to dinner with last night isn't actually dating you.
She's a price to be one for sure.
I wonder if she's seen anyone.
But perhaps she has time for an old man like me.
Today we are expecting sunny skies.
To make this right with you.
Get out.
You have no right to tell me what to do.
Okay.
Do you know who I am?
Do you know how many people line up?
Just spend the night with me.
You're over here being what I'm grateful.
Love me back out.
I suppose I'll have to show you what it is you're missing.
Jeff.
Mecha.
He was watching TV and then Chad.
Chad.
Chad did this.
Frank.
Fight Chad.
I can't wait to tell Tally.
She's gonna flip.
He wearing her supposed best friend is fucking her father.
Why to give you an easy way out.
You don't learn to you.
Man, I was just I was fucking around.
Let me go.
Okay.
I know you wouldn't sleep with that stupid bitch.
She's beneath you.
Frank.
He just keeps singing himself a deeper hold.
She doesn't deserve you.
Okay.
Just give me a hug.
Pat, isn't it?
I want you not to, didn't you?
Don't I can't do this anymore.
Excuse me.
You're not leaving me.
This was for you.
To get you the retribution you deserve.
For me?
How could you let yourself do something like that?
Because no one touches what's mine.
I wanted to tell you.
I did.
I want this.
Don't you.
It's just sex.
She's the adult and we were both bored.
There's nothing more to this.
So just stop acting like you have done the same before.
So you're telling me she means nothing to you.
You don't care about her?
Of course.
She knows it's just sex.
I'm done, James.
Fuck you both.
I'm all over.
Open up.
It's me.
We need a talk.
Thank you for letting us.
We need all that to thank me.
Just put your stuff in the room down the hall with the blue walls.
Come out when you're ready.
I like her up.
Where is she?
Becca.
She was here but she left about an hour ago.
She just put some stuff down so she didn't want to carry anything around.
She left after that.
I have no idea where she went.
If she comes back, will you call and let me know?
No.
I won't.
Not after what happened.
I'm not getting involved in this, James.
You're going to have to figure this out yourself.
I mean, I love you to death, but you fucked up.
Thank God.
I wanted you to meet someone.
This is my brother new.
That you guys were going to be here.
I hope I'm not intruding on any plans.
It's settled.
Fuck James.
You're joining us tonight.
I don't have anything to wear.
I got it.
Are you enjoying yourself?
May I have the next dance?